README.md, before:

# BUYSELL IP
*****
### Author : Christopher Chinia 25th June 2022
****
## Project Description


## SCREENSHOTS



********
## SetUp Instruction
### Requirements
* [HTML](lang Url)
* Text editor eg [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)


### Getting Files
* Fork the repo :https://github.com/ChristopherChinia/Buy-Sell-IP.git
- Create a new branch in your terminal (git checkout -b improve-feature)
- Install the prerequisites
- Make appropriate changes in file(s)
- Run the server to see the changes
- Add the changes and commit them (git commit -am "Improve App")
- Push to the branch (git push origin improve-app)
- Create a Pull request
* Open the folder location on terminal and use the following command to run app:

## How To Run It
Use Live share extension to run the HTML File.
*****
## Live Link
Or you can access the web application directly via this [LINK.]([link.com/]
*****

## Technologies Used
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. JavaScript
4. JSON local API


*****
## Contact Information
* Email : christopher.chinia@student.moringaschool.com
*****
## [License](LICENSE)
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2022 Christopher Chinia

Commit message:

added a description in readme file

README.md, after:

# BUYSELL IP
*****
### Author : Christopher Chinia 25th June 2022
****
## Project Description
Buysell website is a free platform for buyers to find customers and customers to find products easily from the comfort of their livingrooms. This platforms enables customers to view the image, description and price of a product which they also have an option to purchase the product of their choice.

## SCREENSHOTS



********
## SetUp Instruction
### Requirements
* [HTML](lang Url)
* Text editor eg [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)


### Getting Files
* Fork the repo :https://github.com/ChristopherChinia/Buy-Sell-IP.git
- Create a new branch in your terminal (git checkout -b improve-feature)
- Install the prerequisites
- Make appropriate changes in file(s)
- Run the server to see the changes
- Add the changes and commit them (git commit -am "Improve App")
- Push to the branch (git push origin improve-app)
- Create a Pull request
* Open the folder location on terminal and use the following command to run app:

## How To Run It
Use Live share extension to run the HTML File.
*****
## Live Link
Or you can access the web application directly via this [LINK.]([link.com/]
*****

## Technologies Used
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. JavaScript
4. JSON local API


*****
## Contact Information
* Email : christopher.chinia@student.moringaschool.com
*****
## [License](LICENSE)
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2022 Christopher Chinia
